Google meet の英語版を日本語版に追随させる (#1978)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/google/meet/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Google Meet
```

## Introduction

This page introduces the basic usage of Google Meet.

## What is Google Meet?

**Google Meet** is a web conferencing system provided by Google. It allows you to hold online meetings and calls.

> - You do not need to install any applications on your PC; it can be used directly from your web browser.

Reviewer: applicationsとappsが混在しているのでappsに統一しましょう
```suggestion
- You do not need to install any apps on your PC; you can use it directly from your web browser.
```

  - Dedicated apps are available for smartphones and tablets.
- It supports most modern browsers, including Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.

> - You can join multiple meetings simultaneously and host multiple meetings at the same time.

Reviewer: 同じような内容が2回繰り返されています
```suggestion
- You can join and host multiple meetings at the same time.
```

> - Because it only requires a Google account and a browser, and allows simultaneous meetings, it is well-suited for organizing many small group sessions.

Reviewer: 結論を前に出したいですね、あとBecause it~~, it~~は少し読みにくい気がします
```suggestion
- Google Meet is well-suited for organizing many small group sessions, because it only requires a Google account and a browser, and allows simultaneous meetings.
```

- (By default) You can create meetings with up to 100 participants. 

### Using Google Meet with a UTokyo Account

> At the University of Tokyo, Google Workspace is provided as "**[ECCS Cloud Email](/en/google/)**". Since Google Meet is included in this suite, UTokyo members can use Google Meet with their ECCS Cloud Email accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the University of Tokyo, Google Workspace is provided as "**[ECCS Cloud Email](/en/google/)**".　UTokyo members can use Google Meet with their ECCS Cloud Email accounts because it is included in this suite.
```

## Usage Procedures

> This section explains the steps to hold a "meeting" using Google Meet on a PC browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains the steps to hold a "meeting" using Google Meet in a PC browser.
```

"Meetings" are suitable for general conferences, small group classes, and seminars. Please note that Google Meet also has a "call" feature using contact information such as phone numbers, but this guide will not cover it.

For instructions on how to use Meet on smartphones and tablets, please refer to [About the Google Meet App for Smartphones and Tablets](#mobile-app).

> In the following steps, you will access Google services like Google Meet. If you are not logged in, you will be prompted to do so. Please refer to the [Steps to Start Using Your ECCS Cloud Email](/en/google/#initial-setup) and log in.

Reviewer: 何にログインするのかを明示した方が良いです
```suggestion
In the following steps, you will access Google services like Google Meet. If you are not logged in with your ECCS Cloud Email account, you will be prompted to do so. Please refer to the [Steps to Start Using Your ECCS Cloud Email](/en/google/#initial-setup) and log in.
```

### Overall Flow

- Organizers
  1. [Create a meeting](#create_meeting) and share the meeting information (URL).
  1. Access the URL to [join the meeting](#join_meeting).
  1. [Conduct the meeting](#do_meeting).

- Participants
  1. Obtain the meeting information (URL) via email or other tools.
  1. Access the URL to [join the meeting](#join_meeting).
  1. [Conduct the meeting](#do_meeting).

### Creating a Meeting
{:#create_meeting}

> You can create a meeting not only from the Google Meet top page but also from other Google services like Gmail and Google Calendar. Here are three methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a meeting not only from the Google Meet top page but also from other Google services such as Gmail and Google Calendar. Here are three methods.
```

#### Method 1: Via the Google Meet Top Page
{:#create_meeting_from_meet_page}

1. Access Google Meet from the link below.
   **[Google Meet](https://meet.google.com)**{:.box.center}
1. Click the icon in the top right corner and confirm that you are signed in with your ECCS Cloud Email account (`xxxx@g.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp`).
   - If you are signed in with a different account, select your ECCS Cloud Email account from the account list.
1. Click the "New meeting" button and select "Create a meeting for later".

> 1. The meeting URL (`https://meet.google.com/xxx-xxxx-xxx`) will be displayed as "Here's your joining info". Copy it and share it with the participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The meeting URL (`https://meet.google.com/xxx-xxxx-xxx`) will be displayed as "Here's your joining info". Copy and share it with the participants.
```

#### Method 2: Via Gmail

1. Access Gmail from the link below.
   **[Gmail (ECCS Cloud Email)](https://mail.google.com/a/g.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp)**{:.box.center}
1. Open the "Meet" tab on the left side.
1. Click the "New meeting" button.
1. A window containing the meeting URL will appear. Share it with participants using one of the following methods:

>    - To share elsewhere (e.g., UTOL): Copy the URL and share it with participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - To share elsewhere (e.g., UTOL): Copy and share the URL with participants.
```

>    - To share via email: Click the "Send invite" button and select "Share via email". An email containing the URL will be automatically generated. Edit it as necessary and send it to the participants.

Reviewer: itの重複が気になりますね
```suggestion
   - To share via email: Click the "Send invite" button and select "Share via email". An email containing the URL will be automatically generated. Edit the email if needed, then send it to the participants.
```

#### Method 3: Via Google Calendar

> Creating a meeting via Calendar allows you to schedule the meeting directly on Google Calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a meeting via Google Calendar allows you to schedule the meeting directly.
```

1. Access Google Calendar from the link below.
   **[Google Calendar (ECCS Cloud Email Account)](https://calendar.google.com/a/g.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp)**{:.box.center}

> 1. Left-click the desired time slot for the meeting on the calendar.

Reviewer: どうしてここだけ「左」クリックとしたんですかね…他のところと合わせるなら「クリック」で良い気もしますが…（日本語版も左クリックとなっていますね）
```suggestion
1. Click the desired time slot for the meeting on the calendar.
```

1. An event creation window will open. Adjust the event time to match the meeting schedule, and click the "Add Google Meet video conferencing" button.
1. A meeting URL will be generated. Click the copy button on the right side.
1. Share the copied URL with the participants.
   - Alternatively, you can share the created event with the participants. In this case, participants can access the URL via the event on their calendar. This is useful for meetings among people who share Google Calendars (e.g., lab members).

### Joining a Meeting
{:#join_meeting}

> 1. Receive the meeting URL from the organizer (via UTOL, email, Calendar, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Receive the meeting URL from the organizer (via UTOL, email, Google Calendar, etc.).
```

   - Therefore, for meetings with many participants, it is practical to require participants to log in with their ECCS Cloud Email accounts. In this case, only UTokyo faculty, staff, and students (+ a small number of explicitly permitted participants) will be able to join.

### Operations During a Meeting
{:#do_meeting}

#### Screen Sharing

During the meeting, click the rectangle with an arrow icon ("Share screen") at the bottom to share your screen with the participants. You can share your entire screen or a specific window. This is used to display presentations or lecture materials.

#### Recording

During the meeting, click the three-dot icon ("More options") at the bottom, select "Manage recording" from the displayed list, and click "Start recording". This will record both video and audio. Once the recording is stopped, the recording file will be saved to Google Drive.

## Miscellaneous

### About the Google Meet App for Smartphones and Tablets
{:#mobile-app}

> Google Meet has dedicated apps for smartphones and tablets, allowing you to hold meetings and calls on mobile devices. For detailed usage instructions, please refer to the [Google Meet Help](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/12389066?hl=en).

Reviewer: 最初の文は二つの文に分けたほうがわかりやすいような気がします
```suggestion
Google Meet has dedicated apps for smartphones and tablets. These apps allow you to hold meetings and calls on mobile devices. For detailed usage instructions, please refer to the [Google Meet Help](https://support.google.com/meet/answer/12389066?hl=en).
```
